XS✔ ◾ added missing full stop + improved sentence (#7746)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/design-to-improve-your-google-ranking/rule.md

As we all know, a website is a pretty nifty thing to have for a myriad of different reasons. But the truth is that it's worth is derived from the people that surf it, and if no one is surfing it, then it becomes useless. So who's the biggest website referrer? The answer is Google in almost every case.

> So design your website with this in mind. In the eyes of a search engines, there are good and bad ways that you can design your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design your website with this in mind. In the eyes of a search engine, there are good and bad ways that you can design your website.
```
